DigiDoc Java library 3.7.2 release notes--------------------------------------Changes compared to ver 3.7.1- Removed BDOC 1.0 support - DDOC/CDOC security fixes:  - Fixed the opening of DDOC container with a faulty DataFile name tag. This is a highly relevant security fix having an effect on the verification of DDOC files. The unfixed library can result in user files overwriting in opening of a DDOC file created with malicious intent.DigiDoc Java library 3.7.1 release notes--------------------------------------Changes compared to ver 3.7.0- Changed the handling of DigiDoc container which has no xmlns attribute in the <DataFile> element.DigiDoc Java library 3.7 release notes--------------------------------------
Changes compared to ver 3.6.0.157- Added the support of PKCS11 or PKCS12 interface for DDOC signing with utility- Added the identification of test certificate chain on the basis of the certificatePolicies OID value for DDOC signing and verification- Fixed the certificate of the new test OCSP service in the chain of trust for DDOC signing and verification: TEST of SK OCSP RESPONDER 2011- Fixed the m_logger field of the DDOC ee.sk.digidoc.DataFile class: the Datafile class can be serialized- Fixed the prefix content check of the ASN.1 signature to match the SignatureMethod field for DDOC verification- Fixed the time and nonce producedAT field check of XML signing for DDOC verification- Fixed the OCSP response verification for DDOC verification- Fixed the handling of several OCSP responder certificates with the same CN for DDOC verification - Fixed DDOC verification for the DDOC 1.0 format- Fixed CDOC encryption with the encryptStream method for the 2048 byte block size- Fixed BDOC verification for large containers- Fixed the error handling of the file left unsigned for BDOC verification- Fixed the key usage check for DDOC signing with the PKCS#11 interface- Fixed unpacking with the stream method for CDOC decryption - Removed DDOC functions that are not in use any more: verifyCertificate, findCAforCertificate, addCaCert, initCACerts- Fixed the logic of xmlns mirroring in the XML root element for DDOC signing and verification- Added HSM support to DDOC signing and verification: added the relevant SLOT usage logic- Added HSM support to CDOC decryption: added the relevant SLOT usage logic- Added the BOM (Byte order mark) character support to DDOC verification- Fixed the support of the DDOC 1.2 format for DDOC verification: fixed the DDOC 1.2 NONCE calculation logic- Fixed error handling in DDOC verification when there is no OCSP responder certificate- Fixed the error handling of the wrong mimetype for BDOC verification- Fixed the error handling of the faulty XML file for DDOC verification- Removed support for DDOC format version 1.0, 1.1, 1.2 for DDOC signing. Only DDOC verification and exctracting files from container are supported. Creating container, signing and removing signature are not supported
- DDOC/CDOC security fixes:  - Added the check of the ASN.1 structure of the nonce field for DDOC signing and verification. This is a highly relevant security fix having an effect on the verification of DDOC files. The unfixed library can mistakenly give positive results on verificaton invalid DDOC container with wrong ASN.1 structure on the nonce field.  - Added the check of the ASN.1 structure of the signature value for DDOC signing and verification. This is a highly relevant security fix having an effect on the verification of DDOC files. The unfixed library can mistakenly give positive results on verificaton invalid DDOC container with wrong ASN.1 structure on the  signature value.   - Added the check of the nonce field of the signature for DDOC signing and verification. This is a highly relevant security fix having an effect on the verification of DDOC files. The unfixed library can mistakenly give positive results on verificaton invalid DDOC container with the wrong nonce field value on the signature.  - Removed the EMBEDDED type DDOC file support for verification. This is a highly relevant security fix having an effect on the verification of DDOC files. The unfixed library can mistakenly give positive results on verificaton invalid EMBEDDED type DDOC container.  
DigiDoc Java library 3.6 release notes--------------------------------------
Changes compared to ver 2.3.19- Changes according ETSI Plug test results- Changes according Cross library (jdigidoc & libdigidoc & libdigidocpp) test results (DDOC, CDOC, BDOC)- Removed DETACHED, DDOC 1.4 support- CDOC padding improvements- Updated documentation in doc folder SK-CDD-PRG-GUIDE- Updated BDOC support with SHA-2 family hashes- Support for software based private keys- Changes in API behaviour verify() and Siganture.verify() mehthods- Added new API method decryptStreamUsingTokenType- Versioning switched to same schema (3.5, 3.6 ...) as other middleware components- DDOC security updates:	- DigiDocService intermediate resultate file (DDOC hashcode file) verification fix. This is a significant security fix which affects verification of DDOC files. A library without this security fix can mistakenly give positive results on verificaton of invalid DDOC hashcode container.	- Detached DDOC file verification fix. This is a significant security fix which affects verification of DDOC files. A library without this security fix can mistakenly give positive results on verificaton of invalid DDOC container.	- Added non-repudiation key usage check in certificate on verification of a signature. This is a significant security fix which affects verification of DDOC files. A library without this security fix can mistakenly give positive results on verificaton of a signature created with incorrect certificate.


	